[Music]
so bored
Batman turn on the news hurry
and with the Joker and Harley Quinn on
the loose the city is under high alert
in other news Gotham City Police
Department is after the Batman after
committing acts of homicide on to
innocent people a pizza delivery boy and
some lady this item was left at the
scene of the crime yes it's a battering
people signature weapon of the Batman
mr. Jim Gordon is now on the trail once
great hero of Gotham City this is a load
of crap I didn't do it hold it right
there Batman you're under arrest
but who will protect the city it looks
like it's up to you Robin
yes now I'm the hero of the city no
longer am I going to be judged by Batman
on my custom choice now I can paint the
Batmobile how I wanted it I'll have my
own psychic yes yes yes
[Music]
okay short round now I gotta wait for
crime to pop up in the city how long
will it take
I don't know usually the Commission pops
up on the screen or calls us something
Robin Joker and Harley are terrorizing
Gotham Park hurry we can't hold them
much longer
okay Commission will be there soon
guns down and your hands up
okay Joker fun's over what took you so
long
Oh short round that's the last time I'll
let you sit in my lap and drive yeah
what are you wearing never mind the
jokes just give up yeah you're really
intimidating with your booty shorts come
on Harley let's do this help Robin I
can't handle this too strong that's
what she said
Batman I thought you were in jail oh
yeah well I kind of got out how
hey officer guy what if I give you this
pizza will you let me out
what makes you think about what toppings
extra cheese
what makes you think I will let you out
just because you bribe me with pizza I
got a coupon too huh I am so fast anyway
what did you do to your costume uh and
why is short round in my costume uh fine
short round you're fired
Robin get out of that costume before
someone sees you with me I have an image
to protect
Robin what did you do to the Batmobile
ah crap
[Music]